SpreeAdvancedReporting
======================

Introduction goes here.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_advanced_reporting', github: '[your-github-handle]/spree_advanced_reporting', branch: 'X-X-stable'
  ```

  The `branch` option is important: it must match the version of Spree you're using.
  For example, use `3-1-stable` if you're using Spree `3-1-stable` or any `3.1.x` version.

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_advanced_reporting:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_advanced_reporting/factories'
```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2016 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License


NOTES:
This branch is for use with Spree 2.0 and later.

2.0-related changes:

Change Spree::Admin::ReportsController::AVAILABLE_REPORTS to Spree::Admin::ReportsController::available_reports
1.3-related changes:

Change the I18 default locale to use the Rails setting
Rework the GUI to work better with the new 1.3 admin GUI (this is a work in progress - it is functional at the moment, but certainly not pretty)
Earlier changes

Forked from what appeared to the be the most up to date for, and made the following general changes:

Removed PDF generation, which isn't working under Ruby 1.9.x
Removed the route that overrides the main admin overview page
Fixed a warning about ADVANCED_REPORTS being redefined
Fixed the en.yml translation lookups
Note
This extension seems in flux, having many forks, but no official rails3 update.

Advanced Reporting
Advanced reporting for Spree.

Includes:

Base reports of Revenue, Units, Profit into Daily, Weekly, Monthly, and Yearly increments
Geo reports of Revenue, Units divided into states and countries
Two "top" reports for top products and top customers
The ability to limit reports by order date, "store" (multi-store extension), product, and taxon.
The ability to export data in PDF or CSV format.
Dependencies:

Ruport and Ruport-util
Google Visualization